docs(react): add icons usage to legacy quickstart (#2074)
ionic-team/ionic-docs: src/pages/react/quickstart.md

Here, when we reload, if there is no app history present, we'll be able to navigate back to our home route.

## Adding Icons

Ionic React comes with (https://ionic.io/ionicons/) pre-installed. All you need to do is import the icon of your choice from the `ionicons` package, and pass it to an `IonIcon` component through the `icon` prop:

```tsx
import React from 'react';
import { IonButton, IonContent, IonIcon } from '@ionic/react';
import { camera } from 'ionicons/icons';

export const IconExample: React.FC = () => {
  <IonContent>
    <IonButton>
      <IonIcon icon={camera} />
      Take Picture
    </IonButton>
  </IonContent>
};
```

> Note that for React, we're passing the imported SVG reference, NOT the icon name as a string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that for React, we are passing the imported SVG reference, NOT the icon name as a string.
```

Small thing, but I usually avoid contractions for folks who do not speak English as their primary language.

Reviewer: Also for "NOT" can we make this bold rather that all caps?
